Carri Jo Riggenbach: Good. I'm sorry. I thought my
Natalie Austin: Ah there. Yeah, I wasn't nine
Natalie Austin: To 10 sir. Yeah, I just told them to push him back.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: So, okay, thank you.
Natalie Austin: Oh, you're welcome. Israel is your last name Grimes
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Okay, it just showed up right rising back or something.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: wrecking ball because that's what my Facebook is under nine put this under my Facebook.
Natalie Austin: Okay, thank you.
Natalie Austin: For the email.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: So are you new to on Suboxone therapy.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No.
Natalie Austin: No. Okay, so you're transferring from somewhere else.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay. Where, what is the
Natalie Austin: Name of it.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Can you hear me.
Natalie Austin: I hear you now. Yeah.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Sorry, when people call
Carri Jo Riggenbach: When people call my thumbs. Does that shed.
Natalie Austin: Okay, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: So where did you come from.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Marion AP recovery.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay, I hear you.
Natalie Austin: How long were you there with them.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Like couple months.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: A clinic and I lost my job.
Natalie Austin: Um, it was too much money or
Natalie Austin: Yeah it take your insurance.
Natalie Austin: No. Okay.
Natalie Austin: You have care source.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: And what what does medicine where you take it with them.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: What honey.
Natalie Austin: What medicine, were you taking with them.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Savvy tech
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Savvy tax. Yes.
Natalie Austin: Did you try the Suboxone
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah, it makes me not be able to pee. And it makes me like sick to my stomach. I think I'm allergic to it.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Did they do any testing on you to see if you're allergic to it or
Natalie Austin: They just wished you
Natalie Austin: Are so I just did it.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: They just did whatever you wanted them to do, actually, I think.
Natalie Austin: Oh, no.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I can hardly hear you.
Natalie Austin: I'm all the way up my volume is all the way up. So I don't know what's
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Minus two. I don't know why.
Natalie Austin: I don't either.
Natalie Austin: Yes, all the way up.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: So if I keep saying what you'll know why.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'll just talk louder.
Natalie Austin: I can do that.
Natalie Austin: Okay, um,
Natalie Austin: You were on the Suboxone or I'm sorry, sub you text eight milligrams twice a day.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Yeah, the tablets are the film.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: The bills.
Natalie Austin: Because pills. Yeah. Okay. So, how long were you on those
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Ah,
Natalie Austin: Here's five years.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Probably by went to another doctor before that and Amazon and probably like three years.
Natalie Austin: To three years have you been clean for three years.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yes, I have.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Awesome. Well, tell me about your story I'm what brought you to therapy and how did it all begin
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Well, I used to take percocet 13. I was like, I took them like eight a day.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: And after
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Was it after go, no, I was buying them at 35 bucks apiece off the street.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Why did you get started doing that though some, some, there was a trigger somewhere.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I think I want to get high.
Okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: And then it gave me energy
Carri Jo Riggenbach: And and since I've been on Suboxone I haven't even thought about
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Even taking a pill. So
Carri Jo Riggenbach: That's why I ever scares me to come off of it because I don't know what I would do.
Natalie Austin: Um, do you ever do you use IV IV drugs.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No, no.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No good.
No.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Good ever that just snore snore.
Natalie Austin: Okay. So how old are you, 4747
Natalie Austin: How old are you, how old were you when you started this
Natalie Austin: Is the perks that
Carri Jo Riggenbach: The purpose. That's what I was like 24
Natalie Austin: Oh wow, long time.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah yeah
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: And I didn't know about Suboxone I didn't. I don't think it came out till after that.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I'm not sure. Right, how long, how long it's been around.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I know I've been on it for a minute.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so you've been
Natalie Austin: Using purposes. Since age 24
Natalie Austin: Were you in rehab at all. Did you go to rehab center.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No, no.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay, no.
Okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: And then no, because that does subs the subs worked
Natalie Austin: All right. Okay. And he found those, how many years, eight years ago. No.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Worries
Natalie Austin: This Suboxone 76
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I don't know. I've only been i've only been on it for two years.
Natalie Austin: Two years. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, yeah. Gotcha.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I was on that long.
Natalie Austin: That's a long time.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: So 20 years
Carri Jo Riggenbach: It went from fives for fives for a long time and then and
Carri Jo Riggenbach: And then I went to the 30s. It was like a gradual. I never went to heroin, thank God.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Thank God for yeah
Natalie Austin: Wow.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: That's killing people.
Natalie Austin: I know I'm glad you didn't
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah, I don't want to die.
Natalie Austin: Right now.
Natalie Austin: I wouldn't be talking to you right now. You did.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: For
Natalie Austin: Your you said you're 47
Natalie Austin: Yep reselling okay yes so
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I didn't start drugs to later in life.
Natalie Austin: He said 21 years you're on the sets.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Probably, give or take.
Natalie Austin: Anyone
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I can't remember the exact age, but that was around now.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Maybe dirty. I don't know. I know I did on a long time.
Natalie Austin: Yeah Oh my stars.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: spend a lot of money. That's why I had nothing
Oh,
Natalie Austin: How much you spending a day.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Well, well, I got to the 30th.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Eight pills a day at 35 bucks apiece. So
Carri Jo Riggenbach: average that out.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: My stars. Yeah, because you know they don't last very long. So
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah yeah hi this every time I was so every time I got that $35 in my pocket. I ran got me until
Natalie Austin: I started using
Natalie Austin: Little oversight role or
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Taking them. They were only 20 bucks.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Along
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Now there are
Natalie Austin: 50
That's crazy. Yeah.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah.
Crazy.
Natalie Austin: Well, let's go on your past medical history, do you have any, um,
Natalie Austin: Any high blood pressure, high cholesterol thyroid diabetes.
Nope.
Natalie Austin: Anxiety.
Natalie Austin: Anxiety, depression or PTSD.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Right, I have I have anxiety, depression, I think I was on
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Prozac, but I haven't been back to the doctor to get my script filled so I gotta go back to a doctor for that.
Natalie Austin: How many milligrams for you on the Prozac.
Natalie Austin: plenty, plenty today. Okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No, no 120 twice a day, I think.
Natalie Austin: Okay, that's you.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Think has a lot to do with my drug drug addiction.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Wanted those like
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Not even four months ago.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: isn't helping.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah, I can tell difference
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay, I think I need got my dosage. Oh.
Natalie Austin: Yeah okay yeah I can follow up with them, you can
Natalie Austin: You can follow up with them and you can work with them.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay past surgeries any surgeries.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Know, just my tubes tied
Natalie Austin: Hillary, then
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I was when I have my youngest daughter. She is now 21 so 21 years ago.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And
Natalie Austin: Do you still have your tonsils your appendix.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yep. Oh, that
Natalie Austin: Gallbladder. Okay.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so we'll go on to family history or your parents still alive.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yes, my mother and my father. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Do they have any illnesses are they alive and well.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: There are many mom's got
Carri Jo Riggenbach: IDs and
Carri Jo Riggenbach: My dad.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Is just not
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: But no, nothing wrong with him.
Natalie Austin: Okay, do you have any brothers or sisters
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yes, I have three brothers and one sister.
Natalie Austin: Older younger
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I mean, oldest so
Carri Jo Riggenbach: My sister's 14 months younger than me. And she just she's a drug addict, she's done subs to and
Carri Jo Riggenbach: My third brother. He's in prison right now because he's, he was addicted to heroin.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: So heroin got him in a lot of trouble. And my second youngest, he's a pothead does not a pot and then my youngest brother. He's in the Navy.
Natalie Austin: He's playing it back, and then the Navy. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Oh, you must be so proud of them.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yep, they only one the day you get the habit. Well, he drinks but
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'm okay so social history, are you married single divorced
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I'm divorced
Natalie Austin: And give kids.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I have three children.
Natalie Austin: How old are they
Carri Jo Riggenbach: 2522 and 21
Natalie Austin: Okay. Are they boys or girls.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: My oldest is a boy and my two youngest the girls. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do they live with you. Do you see them often
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Know my son lives here in town with me. I see him often and mighty God has one they both moved away to college.
Okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: One in Cincinnati and when the south, south carolina
Natalie Austin: Okay, wow.
Natalie Austin: Well, actually I'm going to Cincinnati. This next weekend to see my daughter. Both of my daughters.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Good for you.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Urban sucks.
Natalie Austin: Maybe you should move
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I'm going to, I'm concerned. I'm really thinking about it.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you said
Carri Jo Riggenbach: My kids want me to be built on my daughter's do so.
Natalie Austin: I so you just like you said you just lost your job.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Well, were you employ. What were you what your
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Employee, I was a trainer at edge.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Plastics, I worked in a factory and I train the people on the machines.
Natalie Austin: No way, that's a good job. What happened.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I pointed I pointed out.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Point system. And I pointed out.
Natalie Austin: What does that mean,
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Well, they gave you six points. And if you got past from calling off and not going in late six points and you were gone. I think I can. I can read reapplying 30 days 30 or 60, something like that.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I get it, I have job interviews. COMING UP NEXT COUPLE
Natalie Austin: Okay.
So,
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I won't be without job for long. Trust me.
Good.
Natalie Austin: Tobacco or alcohol use, or drug use.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I smoke cigarettes.
Natalie Austin: How much
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Today,
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Since age 24 or 20 or so.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Since like 16
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Wow.
Natalie Austin: I'm marijuana use at all.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yes. Actually, I've been doing that here. I like okay
Natalie Austin: Do you have a medical marijuana card.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No, but I'm considering get that
Natalie Austin: You can get it with them with a diagnosis of anxiety.
Natalie Austin: And also with opioid use disorder.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: You can
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yes. Somebody told me I couldn't. So that's why I didn't try but
Carri Jo Riggenbach: How much you have a license for that.
Natalie Austin: How much is it
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: I'M FROM PENNSYLVANIA. It's $50 here.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: It's 50
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah, oh my god, I'm have to come down and get that
Natalie Austin: I know you can't get one in Pennsylvania, though, you have to be in there. Wherever you live. So yours is probably 50. Oh really.
I
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Was like 250 I can't afford that.
Natalie Austin: Well, you might have to you. You might have to pay the doctor to sign it. That's probably where you getting the other 200
Natalie Austin: Only
Natalie Austin: 50 bucks goes into the state. So how we do it.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Oh,
Natalie Austin: Go on a website you to go on a website.
Natalie Austin: Just google Ohio medical marijuana card. Okay. It'll give you all the information, the forms to fill out, you can print them. It'll give you the doctors or you can go to get them signed
Natalie Austin: Get the form saga. Okay. And then you can just call call every doctor on there. Just say how much is it, you know, how much do you charge
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Let's go to Ohio medical marijuana card.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yes. Okay. Okay. My dad when I got some of you.
Natalie Austin: And, yeah, yeah. Like you, like you said, you have the two diagnoses that or you can better use for
Carri Jo Riggenbach: See I read this, I was reading the diagnosis for to be able to get it and it didn't mentioned neither one of those
Natalie Austin: They have recently.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Where we. Oh, OK. OK.
Natalie Austin: Just like I just want to give you the Prozac might be able to sign it as well. They're on the list.
So,
Natalie Austin: I know
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Thank you for that info.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Whenever you go on a website you read it all read all the doctors names and find out if you're the doctor to give you the Prozac is on that list, and you're golden shows here, he can decide where you want to go.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay that's good to know.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I don't know if anybody still can do that or not.
Natalie Austin: You know, on the website.
Natalie Austin: So you put in your zip code or no show you, everyone around you this. Do it.
Natalie Austin: Locker.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I think when I did do that was Columbus. Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm sure it's been updated since there's so many new
Natalie Austin: New places opening up now.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: You know what, I bet it
Carri Jo Riggenbach: They just get everybody marijuana in the world, there wouldn't be a drug happens, nobody on Dr. I can better
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Way thinking now.
Natalie Austin: I'm sure a lot of people think that yeah Sunday will be illegal. I'm sure they're working on it.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: It's already legal here.
Natalie Austin: Is it. Yeah, okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yep.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so let's go into the reviews that are allergies. You have any allergies anything
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No, not that I know.
Natalie Austin: Medications is the Prozac 20 points daily and the sub you take texts eight milligram tablets twice a day.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yes.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: And I split those up into quarters all throughout the day, as it is that a good way to do it.
Natalie Austin: Whatever works for you. I mean, no I'm normally it's like a 12 hour drug people's metabolism for different
Natalie Austin: You need a smaller doses small amounts of time. That's fine, whatever works for your body.
Okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I feel like if I if I do both.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Morning that that at tonight. I'm ready to do another one.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: If I do it that way. So,
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that's fine.
Natalie Austin: Review of systems any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills,
Yeah, well,
Natalie Austin: Um, any pain with your nation any headaches any swelling anywhere.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No, but I have
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I don't pay a whole lot. For some reason, like I have a PR
Natalie Austin: Agency to drink more.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Oh I drink a lot
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah. Do you think there's
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Something wrong down there.
Natalie Austin: Maybe not as we get older, it doesn't flow as well either.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I mean, I don't think a lot of water.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I drink a lot of pop
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I'm Father sodium
Natalie Austin: Sodium retains water. So you probably if you drink less pop and more water. You'd be paying more
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay. Hey, why didn't coffee. Is it more
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that's a diuretic to. Yeah.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so let's go under.
Natalie Austin: 14 point system was reviewed and negative
Natalie Austin: Physical exam. How tall are you,
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I by seven.
Natalie Austin: And how much do you weigh
Carri Jo Riggenbach: 37 okay I'm
Natalie Austin: At AMP T Perla cardiac pauses and tack lungs non labor aspirations admin understanding extremities no demon cyclorama to touch three pleasant cooperative neuro cranial nerves to through 12 intact Jenna tell you the
Natalie Austin: Muscle skeletal five five.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: No stress that's just the physical exam I have to dictate for
Natalie Austin: General about one or white female
Natalie Austin: Okay assessment or the assessment opioid use disorder.
Natalie Austin: Anxiety.
Natalie Austin: Tobacco use
Natalie Austin: Marijuana use
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: And we'll go under plan will continue the sub use tax eight milligrams
Natalie Austin: Pills twice daily
Natalie Austin: Patient is allergic to the no lock zone.
Natalie Austin: Period.
Natalie Austin: To follow up and groups, group therapy.
Natalie Austin: With we have a group therapies on Thursday.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Is this what is I have something
Carri Jo Riggenbach: That says therapist Monday, March 2 at seven.
Natalie Austin: Um, that's a different therapists.
Natalie Austin: What's her name. What's her name.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Is Tommy
Natalie Austin: That might be your first group therapy with her. There's individual group. So that might be individually. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: And we have group we have group therapy with medication management on Thursdays at one
Natalie Austin: So we don't
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Want it to
Natalie Austin: Tomorrow's too soon. You can go next week.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay, so now ID number for the
Natalie Austin: Other is I don't know it.
Natalie Austin: Whenever you caught a rescan to schedule your next appointment just asked, there's one of us together with her will give it to you.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay, give me the number they give me
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Neither
Natalie Austin: Oh, did they send you an email yet.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I don't
Natalie Austin: You don't have email.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I'm with you. I
Natalie Austin: Can't hear you very well.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I said,
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I can't talk on the phone.
Natalie Austin: Oh, gotcha. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, they usually send you an email with the room number
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yes, the zoom room ID numbers to plug in. Okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Maybe, maybe she did, and maybe not this one right here, because there's this fight for
Carri Jo Riggenbach: A not yours. Okay.
Natalie Austin: 548-900-7947 yeah
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah, that's the other one is like the main
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And then
Natalie Austin: It will do you will do group therapy and medication management and individual individual therapy.
Natalie Austin: I need to follow up with your outpatients us doctor for Prozac refill and to get the medical marijuana card. I put that in your notes with their mind you, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Um, what else
Natalie Austin: Do you have a pharmacy number
Natalie Austin: A pharmacy and where you get your prescriptions.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yes.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: What is it I told
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I told I I have CBS told me the other one that accepts your guys's scripts.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay, is that true
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: It's getting better, we, we
Natalie Austin: Changed our address to a local address now so
Natalie Austin: You might be able to go anywhere.
Natalie Austin: Where do you live,
I put
Natalie Austin: Mansfield
Carri Jo Riggenbach: He has a live
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Chicken.
Natalie Austin: Maybe, who's the one that said that you that we
Natalie Austin: The CBS is the only one that will take our scripts, who
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Was at Jamie yesterday morning.
Natalie Austin: Oh, okay. How long ago.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Just not too long ago, a couple weeks ago.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: You guys
Natalie Austin: Oh, gotcha. Okay, wonderful.
Natalie Austin: Well, now you should just be saved because she was. She probably tried something and got rejected. So you have to stay with the CDS that, is that OK with you.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Since she she wouldn't know. I guess, and she probably got rejected a few times.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah, she said, CBS. I'm like, send out like see that happening with the only one that'll fill
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'm gonna pull it up right now here.
Natalie Austin: Before we for you here.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And you're listed under Grimes, there's your insurance under Grimes
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yes. Okay.
Natalie Austin: And your birthday is September 25 1973
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Okay, there you are.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Calling the prescription
Natalie Austin: Electronically right now.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I didn't need to do that.
Yeah.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Because I told him like
Natalie Austin: Okay, we'll change it on here.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Are you gonna see all the time.
Yes.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Did you get your urine drug screen and your lab slip yet.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No, I was going to do that today.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Kroger and Columbus is what's in here now.
Natalie Austin: Was that
Natalie Austin: It says Kroger Kroger columbus on Lexington Avenue. Is that wrong.
Natalie Austin: Yes, it's Columbus.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You're
Natalie Austin: Still, I know I want to put that in there.
Natalie Austin: Your phone numbers 419-544-9540
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that's you.
Natalie Austin: Will change it.
Natalie Austin: And what is the zip code for that CBS is
Carri Jo Riggenbach: 4490200. No, I think it's
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Quite might be for for sex. I'm not sure.
Natalie Austin: Okay, there's a 449 or six. Oh no, let's see 1411 Lexington Avenue. It's
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yes, or 907 okay
Natalie Austin: I'll put that one in.
Natalie Austin: Two weeks.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Let's see you in two weeks.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Hmm.
Okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: You did that first
Natalie Austin: I think eventually we got monthly. Yeah, it's only
Natalie Austin: A couple weeks for
Natalie Austin: For for the initial couple months here.
Natalie Austin: Okay, you keep an orphan a milligram sublingual tablet 1pm twice daily 28 tablets CVS pharmacy and Lexington Avenue, the sun. Right.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay, yep.
Natalie Austin: Give me a minute here.
Natalie Austin: So make sure it goes through. I have you here.
Natalie Austin: One sec.
Natalie Austin: 86775
Natalie Austin: Okay, one through
OK.
Natalie Austin: And then
Natalie Austin: Your allergies allergies.
Natalie Austin: Medications, I want to add your Prozac in here. So we have this in here. When are you gonna go see the other doctor
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Are you
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: I don't think so.
Natalie Austin: I can find out. I don't know.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I don't have a vehicle.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: FOR ME TO LIKE, GET STARTED TALKING TO GET BRACES
Natalie Austin: How do you get to work.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Well, I walked to work my work my work. It took me 20 minutes to get there.
Natalie Austin: Wow.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Good exercise.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah, in good shape.
Natalie Austin: You can go take a ride with friends or family.
Natalie Austin: Or coworkers.
Natalie Austin: What
Carri Jo Riggenbach: You mean
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So you don't even have to ride. Even the winner.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Therapy.
Natalie Austin: They'll give it to you on
Natalie Austin: Whenever you call back, we'll give it to you.
Natalie Austin: Are you there.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: You went away again.
Natalie Austin: I know your
Natalie Austin: Purpose. I got a call.
Natalie Austin: The call came in, I had to decide.
Natalie Austin: Diagnoses in here.
Natalie Austin: In order to get covered
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I'm crazy. You're crazy.
Natalie Austin: You're not crazy.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Oh yeah, I really am crazy
Natalie Austin: Why, why do you think that
Carri Jo Riggenbach: My friends tell me I am
Natalie Austin: This is Spinning. Spinning. Spinning
Natalie Austin: Your homework for the next two weeks is your, your drugs, bring your labs and look up that medical marijuana right
Carri Jo Riggenbach: What okay
Natalie Austin: Do you have any other questions for me.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: No, I don't.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay. Well, thank you very much.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome.
Natalie Austin: If you have any issues with the prescription. Just give us a call, but I'm hoping it'll go through. I know I just sent it through. Okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay.
Natalie Austin: If you have any problems when you get there, just give us a call.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay, I will do that.
Natalie Austin: Did the last description you got one. Is it do, when does it end up
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I'm sorry, but
Natalie Austin: The last prescription. You got run out already.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: When do you know remember when it ran out what date.
Natalie Austin: See should be fine. Then, as long as you don't do a prescription on top of a prescription. It'll be fun. It should go through
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: All right.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: What my board.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, should, yeah. And then, um, last question is
Natalie Austin: Your last prescription was that that one at CBS as well as it somewhere else.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Are you good job hunting today.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Just woke up, so I gotta get ready.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Ah, well, there's a lot of staring at me the whole time.
Natalie Austin: You're not going to reapply to your other job.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Yeah, that's like 30 days.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Are you wait 90 days actually feed or 30 or 90 i'm not sure yet.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Well, that's good. I give you that chance
Carri Jo Riggenbach: This is my second time back there.
I got
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Time for that, but I'm such a good worker. That's
Carri Jo Riggenbach: That's awesome. Yeah.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: That's what I got.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay I think everything. One more thing to that.
Natalie Austin: Was done here.
Natalie Austin: One.
Natalie Austin: Dependence. There we go.
Natalie Austin: To let my the Secretary's know I sent a prescription out for you.
Natalie Austin: Can be aware, this
Carri Jo Riggenbach: My labs in last on on Monday.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah. Yep.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I had to walk there so
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah okay that close.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: To par. Take a look.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: The weather is
Carri Jo Riggenbach: It.
Natalie Austin: Okay, the worst friday so be careful.
Oh,
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: I got snow pants in the snow coda. Good.
Oh, good.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Our next
Natalie Austin: Sub you tax.
Natalie Austin: ID.
Natalie Austin: 28
Natalie Austin: CVS Lexington.
Natalie Austin: Either
Natalie Austin: I know
Natalie Austin: Okay, looks like we're done.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay, so
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Be at my email will be about money that I did.
Natalie Austin: Yes.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: You got it. Yep.
Natalie Austin: Okay, we'll see you in two weeks. Okay.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Thank you. And next scheduled appointment for the next to it.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, just get whatever you call back in for the other appointments. Just say just scheduled to see me in two weeks.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Sounds good.
Natalie Austin: Okay, thank you.
Bye bye.
Carri Jo Riggenbach: Bye.
Happy
Natalie Austin: Hello.
Matthew Knauff: Hi, Matthew. Hi.
Natalie Austin: Sorry about that. The last page was an hour late getting in. So I apologize.
Matthew Knauff: That's fine.
Natalie Austin: She had her appointment was it 10 instead of nine.
Natalie Austin: So,
Natalie Austin: It's a plugged in here.
Natalie Austin: Suboxone therapy.
No.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Where did you prepare before
Matthew Knauff: Um, I've been a couple different places I submitted that paper I'm I haven't no locks during allergy that I have a witness reaction to it and send me a text for
Matthew Knauff: A good while.
Natalie Austin: Okay, good.
Natalie Austin: What's your date of birth.
Natalie Austin: Name, Last Name. Okay, and a you F. F.
Matthew Knauff: Correct. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: So how long have you been in therapy.
Matthew Knauff: I don't ma T turtle since 2007
Matthew Knauff: And
Matthew Knauff: I just started going to to place it on going about a month ago.
Natalie Austin: Okay, where was that
Matthew Knauff: It's called
Matthew Knauff: A V community health or something like that. I see a nurse practitioner there.
Matthew Knauff: Shall claim men, I think.
Okay.
Matthew Knauff: And I again like my group therapy and individual there.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: So tell me about your story, how you got into
Natalie Austin: The opioid
Matthew Knauff: Okay. Um, when I was like 17 my head, some stuff done for my braces and they gave me like it in then and I could not have ever been like starting to take to buy time to prescription was out, but this one I was like 15 and I was 17 I if you're
Matthew Knauff: An EMT, and if you turn 18 within so long you can start your EMT basic class when you're 17 like the half. So I did that and I hurt my back and my Squadron, and went to the hospital. I was already getting invited in. Yes, though at 17 every month, like I got 44 from my family doctor
Matthew Knauff: Had had been in Iraq about that and they gave me Demerol Vader and I just cannot remember the ER doctor like throwing a fit because I was 17. It was all invited in. Yes.
Natalie Austin: Already back
Matthew Knauff: And then it just went from there by time. I was 19 I was on MS content 200 milligrams a day.
Matthew Knauff: And then during Jesus 50 micrograms patches actually
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah. Did you say a pain management doctor that point.
Matthew Knauff: It was a theme a doctor that I worked with, but I didn't see a payment with Dr. I ended up seeing the pain management doctor
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Matthew Knauff: And I had myself convince them. I had this awful pain that you know was, but I mean it really wasn't yet. I was terribly, terribly addicted to
Matthew Knauff: Opioids I mean that was
Matthew Knauff: My life.
Natalie Austin: Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry.
Matthew Knauff: I mean, windy prescribing them to me. I went there, seeking them after cigno
Matthew Knauff: I don't. Yeah. And I would manipulated him very much because i right at that time, like I was temping in doctors offices and people from Purdue and endo were coming in in teaching you how to look for what a drug seeker was like and what
Matthew Knauff: Yeah years were. And so I I learned all that very well. Exactly what to say what not to say.
Natalie Austin: Yeah you been in the medical field, you would know that
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay. So how old are you now.
Matthew Knauff: I'm 37
Natalie Austin: Okay, so this all started when you're like 15
Natalie Austin: Wow, it's a long time. Huh.
Matthew Knauff: Yeah.
Matthew Knauff: And then you're done. Seven. I got
Matthew Knauff: Clean I had almost overdosed and I had heard about you just started here in my area about, you know, Suboxone and stuff.
Matthew Knauff: Because I never even considered getting clean because I never even thought there was that I never even had that hope or anything. It was even 16 there for me and for once. I thought maybe there is like there was a little bit of hope. And so I
Matthew Knauff: When I want and was
Matthew Knauff: Amazed I had
Matthew Knauff: Been pretty good since then.
Matthew Knauff: Basically
Natalie Austin: Um, so, how long have you been clean
Matthew Knauff: From opioid since 2007 I've had a couple
Matthew Knauff: relapses like I had for years, clean time and I had a relapse on amphetamines and then I've had a couple other relapses with that. But it's been like a little while I've been battling that but other than that everything's been
Matthew Knauff: Good.
Natalie Austin: But from the opioids even clean since 2007
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, what, what happens when you take the Suboxone or rehab.
Matthew Knauff: Yeah, I get
Matthew Knauff: My I get like my throat swells and I start having wheezing and I get hives.
Matthew Knauff: Stuff like that. My face gets all read
Matthew Knauff: Make my hands. Well, for some reason.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: The Dema
Matthew Knauff: Pleasing
Pleasing
Natalie Austin: Wow, that's awful.
Natalie Austin: And why did all this one. Did you find all this out.
Natalie Austin: What was the date of onset.
Natalie Austin: Of these reactions. Do you remember
Matthew Knauff: God, I don't
Natalie Austin: I mean, like, two years ago, or
Natalie Austin: Even
Matthew Knauff: When I tried it again was in like 2014
Matthew Knauff: Because I was going, someone and they just wouldn't like, believe me, so
Matthew Knauff: I was like okay
Natalie Austin: Only 14 okay
Natalie Austin: document stating he is allergic. He is allergic.
Matthew Knauff: Yeah. Jamie said it should be in my file, she put it in there. If you needed it. She would forward it to give you need to do it couldn't find it.
Natalie Austin: Okay, y'all see her chart.
Natalie Austin: Any other allergies and anything else.
Matthew Knauff: Just cipro and any other tripped in drugs.
Natalie Austin: What, how can we take Cipro
Matthew Knauff: I got serotonin syndrome. One time from it in my in a depressant.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so that was the flushing and rash.
Matthew Knauff: No, I got robot muscle, like a rigorous in a fever and a bad headache.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Oh, wow.
Natalie Austin: Okay so Cipro was the other one.
Natalie Austin: Triptans
Matthew Knauff: Like imitrex are
Matthew Knauff: The exact same thing.
Natalie Austin: So,
Natalie Austin: It is 2020 now. So you've been clean for
Natalie Austin: 2000 2007 you said
Natalie Austin: Right. That's awesome. So 13 years
Matthew Knauff: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Wow, that's great.
Matthew Knauff: Oh my goodness, just from opioids, not from right
Natalie Austin: Right, right. Well, that's more than focusing on opioids.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, but
Natalie Austin: Because that's what the medicines treats to buy the medicine doesn't treat all the other stuff.
I know
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that'd be nice to have a treatment for methamphetamine. So, yeah.
Matthew Knauff: I was actually invited for a long time for that. And it really helped, but, um, when I had my last relapse. The on one testosterone and also in dem it
Matthew Knauff: This a new doctor calm for my family doctor and she was a nurse practitioner, she getting believed in me getting either of them to leave in testosterone treatment and she believed in the
Matthew Knauff: By these become more thing, and she just like cold turkey quit taking a week off of it and I've been on testosterone so long. It made my body quit producing its own so I gave you like 60 pounds and went into is pretty rough and so I
Matthew Knauff: When I relapse doing amphetamines last so
Okay.
Matthew Knauff: That's not excuse but
Natalie Austin: I know well let's kind of traumatizing
Matthew Knauff: Yeah, cuz it testosterone that changed my life. I always had really bad depression and I know medicine really helped a whole lot, and I got on that in it like completely like changed my life.
Natalie Austin: Oh, wow. So you're taking testosterone for depression.
Matthew Knauff: No, I have low testosterone, but
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Are you taking anything for the depression.
Matthew Knauff: Yes Cymbalta
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you see a psychiatrist for that.
Matthew Knauff: No, no, I just see my family practitioner.
Okay.
Matthew Knauff: Are you in Ohio. Also, or
Natalie Austin: No, I'm actually, I'm right over the border though I'm in Pennsylvania.
Matthew Knauff: Oh, I used to go to a doctor in Pennsylvania, actually, when it was hard in Washington, Pennsylvania.
Matthew Knauff: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Matthew Knauff: He was a recovery pathways.
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah, I've heard of that. Okay.
Matthew Knauff: That was like a far drive it was three hours. One way though.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I was gonna say
Natalie Austin: As far
Natalie Austin: Okay, so you have low testosterone. How do you get that your age.
Matthew Knauff: Is actually why I don't know by time you're
Matthew Knauff: In your 30s, that can actually happen like
Matthew Knauff: And there's a big debate on what's low but mine was like super, super low
Matthew Knauff: So I don't know if my I think maybe that my natural leaders on the lower side always
Matthew Knauff: And that's maybe why when you quicker.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Matthew Knauff: Because I remember when I was younger, having it done and it was like in the like the lower range of what it was.
Natalie Austin: But that was still considered normal. So
Matthew Knauff: I would say that that's probably what maybe had to be with what my problem was, because it completely took the depression like basically away.
Natalie Austin: Okay, that's great. Wow. It's wild how are
Natalie Austin: You know, our hormones affect our mood today.
Matthew Knauff: Yeah, I would never dreamed that
Matthew Knauff: It would do anything like that.
Natalie Austin: I know. Wow.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so
Natalie Austin: Let's go into the past medical history.
Natalie Austin: Yep, chronic pain syndrome opioid dependence low testosterone.
Natalie Austin: History of depression, any other day of diabetes.
Natalie Austin: Thyroid high cholesterol.
Natalie Austin: Note on that.
Natalie Austin: Any other medical diagnosis. Besides those four
Matthew Knauff: Nobody's having anxiety and as we've been told for like over a decade and
Matthew Knauff: My dad.
Matthew Knauff: He died like right in front of me and went into cardiac arrest and I live in a small town and there wasn't the squad was out. So it was like 45 minutes before we could get help in it. Me being empty it really messed with me and so
Matthew Knauff: I after that really got battle and the bentos like it and I started going to this place and day. I told him I would agree to taper down, but I really didn't consider it.
Matthew Knauff: And I just got to where I thought I could handle. Nothing anymore. Like I know Mike said he got worse.
Matthew Knauff: And I guess it was just between doses. I was kind of going into withdrawal, a little bit. And that's why we felt like I couldn't handle nothing
Matthew Knauff: In that that was another good thing happened around the tempo and testosterone was I tapered off the business. I couldn't believe that I done it. That's been like two years now and that I feel so much better from that.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: It was
Natalie Austin: My bed. My goodness.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Pass surgeries.
Natalie Austin: Your appendix know
Matthew Knauff: I just had a testicular torsion. When I was 17
Matthew Knauff: Okay, fix it.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So you still have your appendix tonsils and gallbladder. Yep. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, let's go in your family history, your father's deceased with a heart disease, heart attack.
Matthew Knauff: And sudden cardiac arrest.
Natalie Austin: Okay, and how old was he at the time.
Natalie Austin: 53 okay
Matthew Knauff: But all of his siblings have had heart attacks and his dad died of a heart attack.
Matthew Knauff: So he probably did.
Natalie Austin: Have you had your cholesterol checked because you're gonna
Natalie Austin: You know that's in your fit. Yeah, that's good.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay. Yeah, you have to watch that because he says you're in your family history.
Natalie Austin: You might get that too.
Natalie Austin: But that's
Natalie Austin: Okay, your data, diabetes, too.
Matthew Knauff: Yeah, and my mom and his mom and my Mom's Mom and Dad.
Natalie Austin: Oh, wow.
Matthew Knauff: And all their family members so
Natalie Austin: You don't have diabetes. Good for you. Yeah, it could. Good.
Natalie Austin: Maybe you'll bypass it you know
Matthew Knauff: I hope so.
Natalie Austin: Um, there's your mom alive and well, or she deceased or
Matthew Knauff: She's alive.
Matthew Knauff: She had gastric bypass surgery, actually. And it took her diabetes away.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Wow.
Natalie Austin: How much weight did you lose.
A bunch
Matthew Knauff: Probably like
Matthew Knauff: 200 plus pounds.
Natalie Austin: If I didn't recognize her after that. Hmm.
Matthew Knauff: Know that forever. She weighed like 125 like she she hasn't been a complications from it and got a little bit too thin, but now she's back up. But she's had it like that with the Empire 12 years since she's had her so
Matthew Knauff: Okay, but yeah.
Natalie Austin: Um, do you have any siblings any brothers or sisters
Matthew Knauff: I do I have to have sisters
Natalie Austin: Older younger
Natalie Austin: younger, younger. Okay. How old are they
Matthew Knauff: Like 26 and 22 I think
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you live with the left, do you live with them.
No. No. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, well under Social History, are you married single divorced
Matthew Knauff: No.
Natalie Austin: Single okay
Natalie Austin: Any children.
Natalie Austin: No. No. Okay. Do you use tobacco, alcohol or drugs IV drugs.
Matthew Knauff: No IV.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Then we already next section will be allergies, which we already covered as Cipro naloxone and
Natalie Austin: imitrex
Natalie Austin: And the medications.
Natalie Austin: See what medications you're on here.
Natalie Austin: Can you tell me the medications all add them to your Medalist sure
Matthew Knauff: Yeah.
Matthew Knauff: 200 milligrams, which is what one bio every week.
Natalie Austin: Which I'm testosterone is it. There's a couple here.
Matthew Knauff: To be an eight, I think.
Natalie Austin: He said 200 200 milligrams weekly
Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: That's an injection. Right. Yeah. Okay.
Right.
Natalie Austin: Techs are
Natalie Austin: Do you use like the
Natalie Austin: The brand name or generic your insurance covers the generic. Yeah.
Matthew Knauff: They don't make the brand name anymore.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Any eight milligram tablets are correct.
Matthew Knauff: Right.
Natalie Austin: Or film okay tablet.
Natalie Austin: One POV ID.
Natalie Austin: medicines.
Natalie Austin: Cymbalta okay
Matthew Knauff: I take 30 milligram and 60 milligram I take one of each.
Matthew Knauff: One one of each PO QAM
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So total 90
Matthew Knauff: Yeah.
And the morning
Natalie Austin: One to 2am
Natalie Austin: Are you still in the empty.
Matthew Knauff: Empty, empty now. Yep.
Natalie Austin: Wow, good for you.
Natalie Austin: I guess other I forgot to ask to the social history, your employment, but are you employed.
Matthew Knauff: Well, not right now.
Matthew Knauff: But I'm getting ready to get I'm doing some continuing education and then go back to work.
Natalie Austin: Okay, great.
Natalie Austin: So employment as an EMT
Natalie Austin: Which one did you say the advanced empty.
Matthew Knauff: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: How is that different than the other one.
Matthew Knauff: Like I can start IDs and push Mads, and Shaw and innovate and stuff like that. Do you like a needle decompression of like a new, more thorax.
Yeah.
Matthew Knauff: A draw theists start interrupt the confusion.
Matthew Knauff: So they can we use this a lot. Now actually, when I first started with me for pediatrics like that were unconscious. But now we're in cardiac arrest. The other two big drills that we can just write in and gain access is pretty useful like also
Natalie Austin: Do they have that on the ambulances now.
Yeah.
Matthew Knauff: That's awesome to be trying to have to get like a big 16 gauging someone hasn't it blood pressure and
Natalie Austin: Yeah, really. Wow.
Natalie Austin: One of they start that
Matthew Knauff: Several years ago.
Yeah.
Matthew Knauff: You can even use the one conscious people I've never done it, but I've seen some videos and know some people in the ER that have and they said it's not that
Matthew Knauff: Bad really just when you you have no power flush. At first, and you put some why you came through it if they're conscious
Matthew Knauff: And I guess that you do the power flushed for the incentive to kind of hurts. It makes the receptors in the bone. Think that's breaking that up some lady came through it and supposedly not that bad.
Matthew Knauff: Oh wow narcy and unconscious before but not want to conscious person. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Well, that's cool, but I can
Matthew Knauff: Only play today not very good at it. So,
Natalie Austin: Any other medicines, besides those three
Matthew Knauff: To five
Matthew Knauff: Once or twice a week, especially once every other day.
Natalie Austin: How many milligram
Natalie Austin: You want me to buy
Natalie Austin: A STR zero ze L. E. Right.
Natalie Austin: To take point two five. How often
Matthew Knauff: Every other day. Okay.
Natalie Austin: What does that for
Matthew Knauff: It's an aromatase inhibitor, it keeps the extra testosterone from getting converted into estrogen.
Natalie Austin: Okay, gotcha.
Interesting.
Natalie Austin: Okay, we'll go into the review systems any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills,
Natalie Austin: Withdraw or anything now.
Natalie Austin: Was last time you spoke of subjects.
Matthew Knauff: I'm just warning.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Is your corporate scripts and still active.
Matthew Knauff: And it will be out of it. Thursday.
Natalie Austin: Thursday. Okay.
Natalie Austin: So I don't know if I can. I don't know if I can call it in today. I guess I probably could.
Natalie Austin: Also call him today when we're done, because that's just tomorrow he should be out of it tomorrow. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: So,
Natalie Austin: No swelling and fever, chills, and nausea.
Natalie Austin: Headaches, so essentially negative
Natalie Austin: Review systems, especially negative
Natalie Austin: Physical exam.
Natalie Austin: General waterfall on Earth white male
Natalie Austin: What's your height.
Natalie Austin: Vital signs at
Matthew Knauff: Height
Weight
Natalie Austin: To 5250 okay I'm a GNC Perla
Natalie Austin: Cardiac normal profusion lungs non labor aspirations ablin on the standard extremities know demons given us swelling right anyway. Oh, yeah. No Dema cycle or and times three neuro cranial nerves and tax.
Natalie Austin: musculoskeletal five five out of five good muscular tone.
Natalie Austin: reflexes are intact. Okay, yep, to tell you the first
Natalie Austin: Um, can. I'll do the assessment.
Natalie Austin: One is a
Natalie Austin: Dopey opioid use disorder to low testosterone three
Natalie Austin: Depression.
Natalie Austin: Next line assess their plan.
Natalie Austin: One continue sub you tax eight milligrams one POV ID. We'll dispense 20 tabs today, period.
Natalie Austin: Will begin
Natalie Austin: Monthly and weekly behavioral therapy with a therapist, a bright heart.
Natalie Austin: To continue on.
Natalie Austin: Testosterone Replacement medications per PCP.
Natalie Austin: Three continue this Cymbalta
Natalie Austin: Or depression or PCP.
Natalie Austin: Next line will obtain your drug screen labs her Bright House protocol.
Natalie Austin: I'm encouraged exercise healthy lifestyle.
Natalie Austin: See we cover everything
Matthew Knauff: I think that
Natalie Austin: Sounds good. Okay.
Matthew Knauff: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Okay, what pharmacy. Do we are using
Matthew Knauff: I'm is compressors.
Okay.
Matthew Knauff: Okay, or a
Matthew Knauff: TZ or
Okay.
Matthew Knauff: Yeah crafters hometown pharmacy in Wilmington, Ohio.
Natalie Austin: And they already know you you don't have any problems getting prescriptions there, right.
Natalie Austin: Know,
Natalie Austin: A lot of places in Ohio have issues with these descriptions
Natalie Austin: Yeah, so you're aware of
Natalie Austin: everything's automated. Now I'm said to send your prescription through that computer system.
Natalie Austin: Continue Rx
Natalie Austin: Dispense 28
Natalie Austin: My Ohio license on here.
Natalie Austin: Yeah crafters hometown farms here that's in here already perfect. Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'll send you a script just or a text just letting you know sending it through here.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, I have to get a confirmation on my phone here to send this so I'm gonna
Natalie Austin: switch screens in a minute here.
Natalie Austin: Screen for one second.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Seven sign sign and send it's going
Natalie Austin: OK, let's say, one through
Natalie Austin: I'd call it an hour's he was ready for pickup or
Natalie Austin: Okay, or do they text you on your prescriptions are ready.
Matthew Knauff: No, it is a little small. Obviously. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I know the bigger were like the Giant Eagle on the right as I do that.
Natalie Austin: Okay, let me see if we've covered everything here.
Natalie Austin: I'm going to put a note in here that I sent that script off. So come on those done
Natalie Austin: And then you just call back. Did you did you already get your urine drug spring form your labs.
I didn't
Natalie Austin: They should, they should have email them to you. If not,
Natalie Austin: Once last time you checked your email.
Matthew Knauff: Just a few minutes ago.
Matthew Knauff: I had to get to
Matthew Knauff: This meeting number from
Matthew Knauff: Okay, but it could have been in there. I didn't look you're all up.
Natalie Austin: Okay, if the sudden they're just calling just tell them you need the RX to get the
Natalie Austin: Tax
Natalie Austin: eight milligrams one PO the ID sent to pharmacy.
Natalie Austin: And how do you spell that K. R. E.
Matthew Knauff: Ke IRA.
Ira
Matthew Knauff: Yet
Matthew Knauff: TT er s
Natalie Austin: Easy, er,
Matthew Knauff: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Yes, no, Eleanor
Matthew Knauff: Crafts or no.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, sometimes eight years 1pm big sense of pharmacy Chrysler's in Wilmington.
Natalie Austin: Number 28
Okay.
Natalie Austin: That's done
Natalie Austin: I think that's everything. Any other questions for me.
Natalie Austin: No. No. Okay. Well, it's nice to talk to another.
Natalie Austin: medical professional there.
Matthew Knauff: Well, thank you, you know,
You
Natalie Austin: go right to the point. I know exactly what you're talking about.
Natalie Austin: You're talking about medical terms is pretty cool.
Natalie Austin: Can you understand what I'm saying to right
Matthew Knauff: Right.
Matthew Knauff: I hope. Yeah, I do.
Natalie Austin: Good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, so yeah, we'll see you. Um, we have group on Thursdays at one o'clock, so probably they will start that
Natalie Austin: Okay and I'm probably next next Monday. You might meet with the counselor therapist.
Matthew Knauff: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I don't do they study those appointments up with you yet.
Matthew Knauff: Um, I think I had an email about and counseling something about counseling, I'd seen
Natalie Austin: Okay, good, if not just calling to say, you know, when is my appointment of above
Natalie Austin: And I'll see you in two weeks with you.
Matthew Knauff: Did good conflict with you.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, the group is what therapists and myself. We go or medication management everything there.
Natalie Austin: That's that'll be next Thursday.
Matthew Knauff: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And then you'll see that right. I don't know if it's the same therapist or not. And you'll see one for individuals as well.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: It just meets all the requirements.
Matthew Knauff: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You know that
Natalie Austin: Well, good luck on your CME completion there.
Matthew Knauff: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: You next Thursday. Okay.
Matthew Knauff: Okay.
Matthew Knauff: Thank you very much.
Natalie Austin: Bye bye.